handle dtypes for Float during merge (#990)
openpipelines-bio/openpipeline: CHANGELOG.md

* `workflows/annotation/scgpt_annotation` and `workflows/integrate/scgpt_leiden`: Parameterization of HVG flavor with default method `cell_ranger` instead of `seurat_v3` (PR #979).

> * `dataflow/merge`: Casting of nullable dtypes that are not supported by MuData/AnnData to their native numpy dtypes (PR #959).
> 

Reviewer: Updated the PR number and elaborated a little bit:
```suggestion
* `dataflow/merge`: Resolved an issue where merging two MuData objects with overlapping `var` or `obs` columns sometimes resulted in an unsupported nullable dtype (e.g. merging `pd.IntegerDtype` and `pd.FloatDtype`). These columns are now correctly cast to their native numpy dtypes before writing(PR #990).
```
